We are now ready to set up a bank account MICRA service projects.
First, we are going to create a new parent project for our bank account projects.
Then we are going to add each of our bank account projects as modules to the bank account parent period
project the after.
We will add the Exxon dependencies to the poem that XML files of each of our respective bank account
projects, then we will structure our projects according to securest and domain driven design based
practices by creating all of the required packages.
We will also configure Exxon to make use of the Mongo DB event storage engine like we have done for
the use of micro services.
Then we will add micro service config to the application that Winmar files of our command and query
APIs.
And finally, we will convert the bank account core project into a library project in intelligence.
You can create a new parent project by clicking on file new module Mavin and then lets browse to user
micro services are.
And then let's give a parent project a name such as Bank Hyphen Account, and they just put it in a
new folder.
Also, bank hyphen account group EDEK come that spring bank again and then give it a proper version,
version 1.0 point zero.
OK, now we can specify packaging type as poem.
And then let's go ahead and move our bank account project to the new bank account directory where our
parent period project is situated.
It's extracted there.
A query API.
And then you see them, they delete the source folder as well as the bank account email file.
OK, now let's add the three bank account projects as modules to appear parent project.
First will add the bank account called Project.
Secondly, we can add the bank account command API project, and then lastly, let's add the bank account
query API project.
OK, now you can go ahead and open the XML file.
Let's give it a proper version, 1.0 Porgera as well, and then we can go ahead and add Exxon dependencies.
So first, we can add the Xen spring, which starts a dependency to a bank account, command APIs or
XML file.
We also need to add the spring security dependencies.
So go ahead and open the user command API projects aimed at XML file and copy the spring security or
to spring security oath to auto configure and the spring security JWT dependencies pasted into our bank
account command API that XML file.
Now let's copy the Xen framework dependancy as well as the three spring security dependencies.
Open up the Palm that XML file of the bank account query API.
First, give it a proper version, one point zero point zero, and then let's paste our four dependencies
that we've added to the bank account command API as well.
The excellent spring which started dependancy, as well as the three spring security dependencies now
again.
This copy, the excellent spring which started Appignanesi only and open up the bank account core project
aimed at XML file.
Again, start by giving it a proper version, one point zero point zero.
And then let's paste Exxon Spring, which started dependancy, they.
And Ed, another excellent dependency, the ex on Mongo dependency.
Select the latest version, the.
Now, to make a bank account coal project, a library project, we need to delete the bald section in
its XML file.
And we also need to delete two more files, basically the application file.
As well as the application taste's file.
And that or to turn it into a library project.
Let's create our packages.
We can start with the models package in our bank account core project.
Secondly, add a package for configuration with another package for events,
yet another package for Teto.
OK, now let's go to the bank account query API.
First, let's rename the application file to bank query application.
And then they can rename the application Fall of the bank account command API application as well.
Change it to bank account command application.
OK, let's just add the ICC to the bank query application, make it a bank account, query application
bank, ICC query application.
OK, so let's add the packages to our bank account command API.
First, a package for commands, then it's a package for the aggregates
and another package for our race controllers.
And another package for the dittos.
OK, now let's add the packages for bank account query API, first, a package for queries.
Another package for handlers, we will add event and query handlers, another package for repositories,
another package for controllers,
and then finally, a package for DTL.
OK, now we've added all of the packages that we are going to need for bank account projects.
Let's go ahead and copy the excellent config file from the user code project.
And we can actually just go ahead and pasted into our configuration package in a bank account called
Project.
And it will do the refactoring on our behalf, we will just change the database name, the default database
name to bank.
And the race stays the same.
Now let's go to the bank account command application.
Open it up.
And then we need to add a few annotations first import to import the accent config clause from the bank
account core project, and then secondly, we need to add enable resource server.
As well as enable global message security.
Pre post enabled to.
And then we also need to add enable or configuration.
And then we'll say exclude datasource or to configuration that Flosse.
Copy all of that.
And open up the bank account query application.
Now, the reason that we have the excluded data sources that will only be on the bank account command
API because we will only connect to a spring date to JPA enabled database on the query side, that will
basically be our MySQL bank account database.
OK, so now go ahead and open up the resources package and delete the applications that properties file,
we are going to replace it with an application that we file, which is more popular.
First, let's configure a port for our bank account command API.
Let's use Port 1991 and then let's go ahead and add our Mongo DB config spring date, Mongo DB.
Host, they choose local host Brookport two seven one seven, the default mongoloids report and then
flood database will use bank.
OK, let's add our security config security
oath to resource
JWT
and key value.
Let's go and copy this from our User Command APIs Application Properties file.
OK, Spring Bank signing key now in production.
Please use a beta key than that.
OK, copy all the contents of application via email file.
For the bank account query API, we are again going to delete the application that properties file and
creates a new application that Vimal file
based there and change the board to 1992.
Now the bank account query API also needs configuration for my school database connection.
So a JPA database platform.
And then, OK, Todd, hibernate, dot dialect, dot, my sequel, eight dialect.
So we basically specifying the MySQL dialect show sequel to.
Hibernates.
Dell'Orto said, sit to update, and that's basically going to create the bank account card table to
mimic what we've defined in our bank account entity, and if we change it, it will update the table
as well.
Then add datasource your URL, see my sequel Forward Slash Forward Slash Localhost PT. three three zero
six as the default.
My sequel put forward slash bank, which is our database name for the user name, will use root.
But for the password, we'll use spring bank route.
P is W again, this is just for simplicity's sake, that in production, please use a stronger password.
OK, let's try and build our projects and the boat should fail and I'll show you now why.
Now, remember, the hibernates auto actually creates the table according to the bank account entity,
but not the database and therefore this is unknown database bank.
So let's log into my school database, copy the password, so for the username, it's root, paste the
password in there and then if you log in, you'll only see the default system databases.
Let's create a new database and call it bank.
And safe now go back and then let's build again Mavin M.V., a clean install.
And this time, everything should build successfully.